README.md, before:

# HOOVFLIGHT

---

Hoovflight is flight controller software (firmware) used to fly multi-rotor hovercraft.

This fork differs from Betaflight in that it is strictly for RC hovercraft controlled using mult-rotor craft flight controllers.

## Events

| Date  | Event |
| - | - |
| 19 March 2018 | Forked from Betaflight |

## Features

Hoovflight has the following features:

* Everything that Betaflight had when it was forked, plus more modes that are hoov specific...

## Installation & Documentation

(Eventually...)See: https://github.com/hoovflight/hoovflight/wiki

## Configuration Tool

To configure Hoovflight you should use the Hoovflight-configurator GUI tool (Windows/OSX/Linux) that can be found here:

https://github.com/hoovflight/hoovflight-configurator

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome and encouraged.  You can contribute in many ways:

* Documentation updates and corrections.
* How-To guides - received help? Help others!
* Bug reporting & fixes.
* New feature ideas & suggestions.

## Developers

Please refer to the development section in the `docs/development` folder.

## Hoovflight Releases

https://github.com/hoovflight/hoovflight/releases

## Open Source / Contributors

Hoovflight is software that is **open source** and is available free of charge without warranty to all users.

Hoovflight is forked from Betaflight which is forked from Cleanflight, so thanks goes to all those whom have contributed to Betaflight/Cleanflight and its origins.

Commit message:

added note about betaflight configurator

README.md, after:

# HOOVFLIGHT

---

Hoovflight is flight controller software (firmware) used to fly multi-rotor hovercraft.

This fork differs from Betaflight in that it is strictly for RC hovercraft controlled using mult-rotor craft flight controllers.

## Events

| Date  | Event |
| - | - |
| 19 March 2018 | Forked from Betaflight |

## Features

Hoovflight has the following features:

* Everything that Betaflight had when it was forked, plus more modes that are hoov specific...

## Installation & Documentation

(Eventually...)See: https://github.com/hoovflight/hoovflight/wiki

## Configuration Tool

To configure Hoovflight you should use the Hoovflight-configurator GUI tool (Windows/OSX/Linux) that can be found here:

https://github.com/hoovflight/hoovflight-configurator

...but until that is fully created, please use the Betaflight configurator. 

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome and encouraged.  You can contribute in many ways:

* Documentation updates and corrections.
* How-To guides - received help? Help others!
* Bug reporting & fixes.
* New feature ideas & suggestions.

## Developers

Please refer to the development section in the `docs/development` folder.

## Hoovflight Releases

https://github.com/hoovflight/hoovflight/releases

## Open Source / Contributors

Hoovflight is software that is **open source** and is available free of charge without warranty to all users.

Hoovflight is forked from Betaflight which is forked from Cleanflight, so thanks goes to all those whom have contributed to Betaflight/Cleanflight and its origins.
